Cher, don't worry.
Cut down the tree immediately
Don't bother with this little bitch
Real daughter against fake daughter
But something good happened.
Borrow money you worthless counterfeit
Are you afraid now?
Why should I give money for a guy like him?
Why are you so arrogant to Cher?
What!
Song Qianqian is called self-deception and not startling
There are so many people watching him here
What does Cher want to do?
I'm the mother who supports him
Mr. Song
Oh, my necklace!
This is a necklace my mother-in-law gave me
How do you have
This
Aren't necklaces expensive?
How much is your broken necklace worth?
At most, I will send your family to compensate them.
Why is it a broken necklace?
How much can it cost?
Name your price.
I'll pay you now.
crypto pricing
1 million pay now